all right everybody we're here at thumb
should get ready to cook up my dish for
us so what are you making today though
I'm gonna make shrimp tempura okay she's
gonna be making shrimp tempura okay so
what do you have for your ingredients um
I kept churning ok basically got the
shrimp it's ready the clink type and a
written guy ok to go and I got the tape
around back ok the Japanese bread crumbs
ok those are really good it makes it
kind of nice and crunchy once you put
them on there ok and I got 28 2 eggs and
I got some problems okay we're gonna be
mixed some flour and the tempura batter
okay and I got all kind of different
spices and herbs and traditionally
support doesn't have spices and herbs
right Don but Don likes to make it our
own way so it's remember Anna some
spices and herbs and the tempura mix
okay and I got some to come on ok canola
oil or basically any sort of cooking oil
will do ok so those are kind of the
basic ingredient all right I was taught
to make the tempura batter ok so
basically she's gonna crack the eggs put
them in a bowl and nibble those good two
weeks how can i use um one quarter
quarter cup
it depend how much the shrooms do have
to okay how was she gonna make right so
she's only making a little bit so don't
know what it's good time just mix it all
up make the top okay so that's why you
need you don't mix any water or anything
with it oh I for me I'm not because i
used the eggs you know so make it smooth
stick with the shrimp so dad then you
can add more than adding some spices if
you like spices okay again this a thumbs
way it's not a traditional Japanese me
hey that's what is that caribbean spices
spin and mrs. dash table blend okay
that's got garlic and herbs in it so so
so tiny and pepper right okay can make
them spicy honest I'd be like that
better get that mixed up then we'll get
off the stove will start cooking alright
everyone we're Tom over here by the
stove she's got the kind of tempura mix
already she did add a little bit of
water because it was a little bit thick
so did it out with a little bit of water
product what about a quarter cup also of
water okay okay so it's the first step
though we got the hot oil oh boy yeah so
first step I'm gonna dip the shrimp and
um big better hey better and I'm gonna
dip under on bread crumbs the Japanese
style bread crumbs yo covered like this
okay going back and go in the hot oil
yeah splash up too much just didn't want
to get down the camera right and keep
the captain EO do it okay you just
basically load it up and watch it until
it turns a little bit golden brown right
after it done shrim not take that long
either it's easy to cook too yeah these
are actually the precooked shrimp right
though yeah
already okay so that makes a little
easier okay we're going to let these
cook then when they're done we're gonna
check them out and put it in a little
holder here with some paper towels and
drive some of the oil then we'll show
you what it looks like once done all
right everyone looks like dogs got her
tempura shrimp all finished up looks
like she's got some Thai sweet chili
sauce that's really good dip shrimp in
if you haven't tried that you just find
that in most grocery stores just look
for a sweet chili sauce and looks like
she's also ready to get a beer going
okay at least it's not my German
greatest I'm naha ok but on the trip
trip or like really good yeah drop
though thank you this is my meal for
tonight thank you for watching me I'll
make something different next time